We'll start with a query that returns the first order from each account.
We're borrowing this directly from the earlier segment on subqueries.
Now, let's join the web events full table using an inequality join.
You can see here that there are multiple conditional statements in the JOIN clause.
The first thing this query does is join events for which
the account ID matches the account ID from the orders table.
Even when using inequalities and joins,
you'll often have some type of equality to make sure the right results get joined.
The next line adds an additional filter using a less than operator.
This works the same way that an equal sign works.
Each row in the web events table is evaluated using
that statement and the rows that are evaluated to be true are joined.
One thing to keep in mind is that it's a little bit harder to predict what the results
will look like when joining using inequalities.
When joining the orders and accounts tables, for example,
it's pretty predictable there will be
at least one and probably many orders for each account.
Every order will have an account record that corresponds to it.
But when figuring out whether there are web events that took place
prior to an accounts first order as we're doing here,
we have no guarantees about how these results should look.
So the results won't give us any hints as to whether we've got the right query.
It's worth double checking your query logic to make sure that doing the thing you want.